Why did Qin Zhan agree to return to the company?
I promised Qin Zhan
The mother of flesh and blood left early
I've made him too squeamish
You should be more tolerant of him, eh?
Uncle Shen, I know
All right, you go first
Mom, I'm going to work
Do you need to call me?
You work hard
Don't worry, Mom.
How do you know each other?
A big shot like Meifeng God of War?
What does this have to do with you?
I've already put down my posture and talked to you properly.
Don't be like gunpowder
Every time I think of the stinky face you gave me before
I still feel very unhappy
Then I'll apologize to you again.
Okay, okay.
Then I will forgive you.
So can you answer my question?
Nothing.
I spent some time in Beidu before
Fate with him
like-minded interests
So we became friends.
That's it, otherwise
Characters like Meifeng God of War
Will be friends with a little security guard like you
You think everyone is as snobbish as you are
It depends on the status.
Ok ok hey
Then do you know Yihuang?